### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
	* Its an object-relational database using and extending the SQL language. PostgresQL can also query JSON.
- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
	* While both SQL and PostresQL share similar funcionality and syntax, PostresQL has several enhancements over standard SQL. Probably the most notible difference is that PostgresQL natively supports JSON syntax and requests.  PostgressQL also supports the CASCADE operation.
- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
	* \c database_name
- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
	* WHERE Clause is used to filter the records from the table or used while joining more than one table. Only those records will be extracted who are satisfying the specified condition in WHERE clause. It can be used with SELECT, UPDATE, DELETE statements.
	* HAVING Clause is used to filter the records from the groups based on the given condition in the HAVING Clause. Those groups who will satisfy the given condition will appear in the final result. HAVING Clause can only be used
with SELECT statement.
- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
	* Inner join is an operation that returns a combined tuples between two or more tables where at least one attribute in common. If there is no attribute in common between tables then it will return nothing.
	* Outer join is an operation that returns a combined tuples from a specified table even the join condition will fail. There are 3 types of outer joins: Left Outer Join, Right Outer Join and Full Outer Join.
- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
	* Left Outer Join returns all the rows from the table on the left and columns of the table on the right is null padded. Left Outer Join retrieves all the rows from both the tables that satisfy the join condition along with the unmatched rows of the left table.
	* Right Outer Join returns all the rows from the table on the right and columns of the table on the left is null padded. Right Outer Join retrieves all the rows from both the tables that satisfy the join condition along with the unmatched rows of the right table.
- What is an ORM? What do they do?
	* ORM stands for Object-Relational-Mapping. ORMs are basically a way to connect to a SQL database through Flask. It does not use standard SQL statements, but rather, it traslates or writes the desired queries to retrieve data from the SQL database.
- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
	* Basically the difference is client-side/browser requests (AJAX) & server-side requests (requests library). In general client-side requests often happen faster than server side requests, however, there are certain limitations on these types of requests. Serer side requests can make the API call and then process and render the data that is then sent to the browser. There are some APIs that do not allow client-side requests.  These APIs can only be accessed via server-side requests. Server-side requests can also make API calls, process the information and then store it to the database.  However, one big advantage of using server-side requests is that the APIs password and other potentially sensitive information can reside on the server and not be exposed to the public.
- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
	* CSRF stands for Cross-Site Request Forgery and it is a special token generated by the server to verify the POST request's validity.  This ensures that other forms or users can mimic the original form.
- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
	* This tag defines an extra form field that is hidden, used by Flask-WTF to implement CSRF protection.